htmlq: add page (#15625)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/htmlq.md

# htmlq

> Use CSS selectors to extract content from HTML files.
> More information: <https://github.com/mgdm/htmlq>.

> - Return all elements of class "card":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Return all elements of class `card`:
```

> `cat file.html | htmlq '.card'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cat {{path/to/file.html}} | htmlq '.card'`
```

- Get the text content of the first paragraph:

> `cat file.html | htmlq --text 'p:first-of-type'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cat {{path/to/file.html}} | htmlq --text 'p:first-of-type'`
```

- Find all the links in a page:

> `cat file.html | htmlq --attribute href 'a'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cat {{path/to/file.html}} | htmlq --attribute href 'a'`
```

- Remove all images and SVGs from a page:

> `cat file.html | htmlq --remove-nodes 'img' --remove-nodes 'svg'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cat {{path/to/file.html}} | htmlq --remove-nodes 'img' --remove-nodes 'svg'`
```

> - Pretty print, this time using filepaths instead of stdin and stdout:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Pretty print, this time using file paths instead of `stdin` and `stdout`:
```

> - Pretty print, this time using file paths instead of `stdin` and `stdout`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Pretty print and write the output to a file:
```
Probably unnecessary to mention stdin and stdout here.

> `htmlq --pretty --filename in.html --output out.html`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`htmlq --pretty --filename {{path/to/input.html}} --output {{path/to/output.html}}`
```
